# Britannica Assignment
## About the project
* This is Maven project which has pom.xml file includes dependencies.
* Used dependencies: Selenium, TestNG, Cucumber, Log4J and ExtentReports.
---
## Project Structure
Please review the uml.png  file to figure out the project classes diagram.
### resources dir
##### Contains:
* Chrome driver executable file for running local browser, if driver file isn't supported you can download compatible driver version from [here](https://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads).
* Properties file, contains parameters and values used in the script.
### src main java com
* This package has java utility classes used for testing.
  * browsers package - used SOLID principles for browsers creation for different browsers types
  * clients package - create to extend the automation client type, we can extend automation for mobile and desktop.
    * Properties Files Reader
    * Webdriver Factory
    * Browser Events Listener
    * Common - Random functions
    * Log - Log4J
### src main java pom
* This package has the page objects. Used pure PO model for this assignment, we can use the ScreenPlay pattern a solid alternative to PO. 
### src main resources
* This directory has log4J configurations file for logging script steps. test-output folder will be created on running the tests.
### src test
* This package has Cucumber features directory. Follow BritannicaTestScenario.feature to figure out the test scenario.
### src test java
* This package has definitions package (Cucumber Java steps), test launcher class and TestNGRunner.xml to run the test as TestNG.
### src test resources
* This directory has ExtentReport configurations files for logging script steps as HTML report. log folder will be created on running the tests.
### features
* This directory has a feature file, defined feature file for the assignment is .
### target dir
* Is generated by Maven.
* Open cucumber dir to find the test report (.html).
* Open surefire-reports to find TestNG generated reports.
### test-output dir
* Is generated by ExtentReport.
* Open ExtentHtml.html file to get Logs.
---
## How to run the test suite?
* As TestNG: find TestNGRunner.xml under test package, right click on the file then select run or run as TestNG.
* Maven: mvn -Dmaven.test.failure.ignore=true test
---
##### Supported browsers and environments:
| Browser        | ENV            |
| ---------------|:--------------:|
|Chrome          |MAC             |